README.md, before:

# Hacktobered.com

I decided to build this fun project during [Hacktoberfest 2022](https://hacktoberfest.com/).
Here are some details about its initial idea / problem statement, tech stack, how you can contribute, etc.

## Initial Idea / Problem Statement

> - I am a developer and made (Or am planning to) open-source contributions during HacktoberFest. 
> - Now, how can I share my hacktober achievements with others? Can I share via Instagram stories / WhatsApp Status / Twitter?
> - You can do it manually - copy and paste your PR links; create milestones and progress cards for social posts.
> - Is there any tool that simplifies the above manual steps?
> - Nope 😐!

**Let us build then!**

### Proposed user flow

[![Basic User Flow](https://hacktobered.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/hacktoberpoc.png)](https://www.youtube.com/shorts/636Fm5RP4aU)

## Getting Started

1. Install npm Dependencies:

```bash
npm i
# or
yarn
```

2. Create .env.local file and copy content of .env.local.example.
3. Create NEXTAUTH_SECRET - # Linux: `openssl rand -hex 32` or go to https://generate-secret.now.sh/32
4. Create [Github OAuth App](https://github.com/organizations/hacktobered/settings/applications) . Copy Client ID and Client Secret into GITHUB_ID and GITHUB_SECRET.
4. Run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```
5. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

Facing any issues? Feel free to open a ticket.

## How to contribute

- Fork this repo.
- Open an issue. Get it triaged/approved first if in doubt. I'll add "Triaged" label in such tasks.
- Read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/hacktobered/hacktobered.com/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)
- **Send PRs against dev branch only.**

## Tech Stack:

- React, Next.js, Typescript
- [Chakra UI](https://chakra-ui.com/) component library
- [Next-Auth](https://next-auth.js.org/)

Commit message:

Save Authenticated user's details to MongoDB (#15)
* Capture user sign up to a DB

* Updated ReadMe for MongoDB usage

* downgrade next-auth package version

README.md, after:

# Hacktobered.com

I decided to build this fun project during [Hacktoberfest 2022](https://hacktoberfest.com/).
Here are some details about its initial idea / problem statement, tech stack, how you can contribute, etc.

## Initial Idea / Problem Statement

> - I am a developer and made (Or am planning to) open-source contributions during HacktoberFest. 
> - Now, how can I share my hacktober achievements with others? Can I share via Instagram stories / WhatsApp Status / Twitter?
> - You can do it manually - copy and paste your PR links; create milestones and progress cards for social posts.
> - Is there any tool that simplifies the above manual steps?
> - Nope 😐!

**Let us build then!**

### Proposed user flow

[![Basic User Flow](https://hacktobered.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/hacktoberpoc.png)](https://www.youtube.com/shorts/636Fm5RP4aU)

## Getting Started

1. Install npm Dependencies:

```bash
npm i
# or
yarn
```

2. Create .env.local file and copy content of .env.local.example.
   
3. Create NEXTAUTH_SECRET - # Linux: `openssl rand -hex 32` or go to https://generate-secret.now.sh/32

4. Create [Github OAuth App](https://github.com/organizations/hacktobered/settings/applications) . Copy Client ID and Client Secret into GITHUB_ID and GITHUB_SECRET.

5. If you want to save logged-in user details, you can use mongo db. Provide connection details in .env.local. However if you don't want - make sure to comment line 14 in pages\api\auth\[...nextauth].tsx before running the code.
   ```js
     //adapter: MongoDBAdapter(clientPromise),
   ```

6. Run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

7. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

Facing any issues? Feel free to open a ticket.

## How to contribute

- Fork this repo.
- Open an issue. Get it triaged/approved first if in doubt. I'll add "Triaged" label in such tasks.
- Read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/hacktobered/hacktobered.com/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)
- **Send PRs against dev branch only.**

## Tech Stack:

- React, Next.js, Typescript
- [Chakra UI](https://chakra-ui.com/) component library
- [Next-Auth](https://next-auth.js.org/)
- (Optional) MongoDB - if you want to save user details.
